Fix unversioned private package handling, tagging of ignored (#1361)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/sharp-humans-battle.md

---
"@changesets/assemble-release-plan": patch
"@changesets/apply-release-plan": patch
"@changesets/cli": patch
---

> Ensure that version/tag do not touch private packages with privatePackages config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that `version`/`tag` do not touch private packages with when versioning/tagging is turned off using `versionPackages` config
```
